CONN-5025: Add param for time value format (#5662)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/universal-connector-source.md

| progressWindowMaxLookback  | String      | Yes      | `"31d"`           | How far the window is allowed to stagnate when encountering repetitive errors.                                                                                                                                                           | `"windowMaxLookback": "31d"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| responseLogsType           | String      | Yes      | `"json"`          | How the source should ingest logs from the response.                                                                                                                                                                                     | `"json"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | responseLogsJsonPaths      | JSON Object | Yes      | `null`            | The location of logs to ingest in the JSON response and how to handle event timestamps. See full documentation for details.                                                                                                              | `[{"logsPath": "$[*]", "logTimestampPath": "$.published", "logTimestampFormat": "2006-01-02T15:04:05.999Z", "logTimestampValueRegex": "Date\((.*)\)"}]`<br></br>**Note:** For regex, there should be at least one match group. If there are more than one match group, then only the first group will be considered.                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Added the link to the timestamps doc - is that the right one?

```suggestion
| responseLogsJsonPaths      | JSON Object | Yes      | `null`            | The location of logs to ingest in the JSON response and how to handle event timestamps. See [full documentation](/docs/send-data/reference-information/time-reference) for details.                                                                                                              | `[{"logsPath": "$[*]", "logTimestampPath": "$.published", "logTimestampFormat": "2006-01-02T15:04:05.999Z", "logTimestampValueRegex": "Date\((.*)\)"}]`<br></br>**Note:** For regex, there should be at least one match group. If there is more than one match group, then only the first group will be considered.                                                                                                                                             |
```
